Don't worry, Mr. Qian
Even if Li Hongyi is standing in front of me now
Can't do anything to me
I'm worried about myself
The Li Family
It's not something people like you and me can afford to offend.
I advise you to rest assured.
Why are you scared?
Why are you not talking?
I'll give you one more chance
Hand over Xingyue Media to me
Let Li Feier sleep with me for another month
Forget about this matter
Otherwise, Li Shao will be furious.
Tomorrow morning you will be a floating corpse
Give up Xingyue Media
sure
Ah, you are eating Xiangfeng brother
But I have a condition
Huh, what are the conditions?
You can ask
Let your rich young master Li bow down to me.
What do you mean?
How about this?
Go back and tell your master Li Hongyi
Tell him to come over here and kneel down in front of me
Bow down and beg me
Maybe I will give Xingyue Media to you.
Crazy. It's crazy.
He could make Li Shao kneel before him.
Don't want to die.
Kid
I'll give you one more chance to rephrase your words.
You'd better tell me again
good
Then I'll add another one
You call him grandpa.